docs, CI and pages workflow (#26)
haraldng/omnipaxos: docs/src/omnipaxos/garbage-collection.md

# Garbage Collection

> In some cases, the decided sequence can become very large and a portion of the sequence needs to be deleted. To solve this Omnipaxos offers a manual garbage collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OmniPaxos offers a garbage collection feature that can be called to compact the replicated log.
```
